### FeatureGates
- The featurreGate information is stored in the state and also in the activeCompany context
- The feature gates seem to be abled to be enabled for companies / accounts
	- individual companies? tiers of companies? how to do?
	- individual accounts? how to do?
- For our purpose, we just need to check if featuregates are enabled for this company
	- Hero ==features== (e.g. workspaces) need to be enabled in featuregates for this company
	- THe ==platform== in which the hero features are in (e.g. Meta or Pinterest) need to be enabled for this company

#### HeroFeature Feature Gates
- We want the features to show only for the companies that have the features enabled
- In the admin panel> feature gates. 
	- We can see the feature gates we currently have: `enable_workspace`, `pinterest`...
	- Click in, we can see a list of companies that currently have the features enabled
	- In code, `activeCompany.feature` should return the features that the companies have enabled
	- To restrict Hero Features to those companies enabled the features, we can set up the config data with featureGated features having the property `featureGate:[]` so that we can control the access
#### FeatureGate on platforms
- [`usePlatformSelector`](https://github.com/smartlyio/frontend/blob/master/packages/frontend/components/PlatformAndAccountSelector/hooks/usePlatformSelector.ts#L65) manages the platform that should be visible to the current company
##### AvailablePlatforms vs AllowedPlatforms
- On the platform level, the `availablePlatform`  loops through `ChannelIdentifiers` checks if 
	- 1. this desired action (feature. e.g. createCompaign) is avialble on this platform (`getNavigationAction`)
	- 2.  if available, check the `featureGate` and make sure the feature is available to currentCompany
- This other `allowedPlatform` checkes `accountFor` 
	- `accountFor` is a map of the platforms that contain accounts for this company
	- `allowedPlatforms` show the platforms that the companies have connected with. ie the platforms for which there are connected accounts!
	- Then, the featureGates for those platforms are checked to make sure the companies that have connected to the platform also have access to that platform feature
- ##### What's the difference between availablePlatforms and allowedPlatforms?
	- `availablePlatforms` show the platforms that the features have been made available for, regardless the companies
	- `allowedPlatforms` show the platforms that the companies have connected to and the features have been made available for
	- For Hero Feature Recommender, we care about the platforms that the companies have connected with: `allowedPlatforms`
#### Hero Feature Feature Gate Implementations
- `Automation Feeds` page is actually only for Snap!!!
- If you are on that page, change to a company that does not have Snap connected, you will see the feature gate error!
- `Feeds for automated ads` is only for Meta Accounts and it is Account Specific 
- In Navigation Hub, we allow users to go to `VIEW_FEEDS` no matter what platforms they are on. VIEW_FEEDS will let them land on the Automated Feeds page. If they don't have Snap connected then they see an error banner.
- In Recommendation Hub, we reuse the same `useNavigator`, it already access the identified `js/routes` Routes. 
	- There are 2 things to care about 
		- 0.  `NavigationAction` and `Routes`
		- 1. `NavigationAction.VIEW_FEEDS` and `NavigationAction.VIEW_AUTOMATION_FEEDS`
		- 2. `Routes.AUTOMATION_FEEDS` and `Routes.ACCOUNT_AUTOMATION_FEEDS`
		- In the `useNavigator`, the `getNavigationAction()` returns either 
			- if crossplatform, a route with url -> returns a NavigationActionProp already
			- if platform specific, a NavigationAction, which maps to platform specific actionsConfig and then returns the NavigationActionProp with URL
- In the Hero Feature Menu or any other Navigation Menu, the cross platform or platform specific links are constructed from the data config files
	- The Recommender data config file defines the actionConfig `NavigationAction.VIEW_AUTOMATION_FEEDS`
	- It is mapped to `Snap` and `Meta` actionsConfig, mapping to the corresponding routes:
		- `Routes.AUTOMATION_FEEDS` and `Routes.ACCOUNT_AUTOMATION_FEEDS`
- ##### Why Create  `NavigationAction.VIEW_AUTOMATION_FEEDS`?
	- Previously, we had `NavigationAction.VIEW_FEEDS` only. It was only mapped to Meta "Feeds for automated ads" in SecondaryNavigationStructure
	- This new NavigationAction would enable us to link to either Meta "Feeds for automated ads" in Routes.Account_AUTOMATION_FEEDS or Snap "Automation Feeds" in Routes.AUTOMATION_FEEDS. 
