### Review of Jemi's changes to my PR
- Styling the heading: There was an issue with wrapping h1 over h1. I made a tiny change to be span > h1.... it did not occur to me that h1 was also a block component. So h1>span, or just simply style over the OnboardingHeading component! 
#### Writing the Redirection tests
- I wrote the redirection tests by mimicking the user actions such as 'clicking the companySelector button' to induce the change in the URL. 
- Unfortunately, Jest test is not a e2e test and to test redirection of different pages e2e, it is ideally best using the root component that mounts all the children so that a different children page is mounted on redirection
- However, it is super hard to mock all the services...
- Best to keep things small - Jest tests for unit and integration tests
- Jemi's test basically skips the clicking button action, and just mimics the redirection via the change the activeCompany
- This is definitely easier to write, with the cost of not representing the real user action, that it will not catch the issue that I found with the existing react-router dom page redirecting back to onboarding - as something is wrong with the passing of `activeCompany` in the context
- It is so hard to mock a page... Tried on the Automation Feeds - half of my HP is gone. Weigh up the effort vs benefit before doing mocking on the whole page. 
- Mocking is hard. esp the ones that have not had a working mock in existing tests
##### What to do next time?
- It is important to capture concrete user stories with examples to ==manual test== first.
- In the test planning process, before spiking something, maybe have a quick call with Minna to further clarify, maybe she would also be able to see some upcoming tricky bits
- Before writing tests, answer the Qs (include in the tech planning doc maybe) :
	- What are the components to be rendered here?
	- What do we need to mock?
	- Have the components been mocked before in existing tests?
	- What is the effort vs benefit from the mocking? maybe do a unit test approach?