### This week (completed activities, notable wins, what’s working)
- Finish the current companySelector tests
- Do some simple UI updates

### Next priorities
- Learn and dig deep into feature gates in order to review Minna's PR on Hero Feature Gates

### Challenges/Roadblocks
- Investigated test failure in the wrong direction, but got it figured out with Jemi in the [meeting](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FgXdwvbz6U5TOoMmDZW8ZSdZVYUn-pf3Nq-UdycV-Xk/edit#)! Also clarified some core React concepts! 
### Lessons Learned/Opps for improvement
#### Tech Planning
##### Fast Feedback and Easy Change
- This is a very effective way of making sure the tech design for a particular feature is on the right track~
	- Minna was able to give me the feedback to make change in Onboarding page instead of CompanySelector ->  a fundational change to the approach. Super easy to investigate and change before I wrote any code!! 
##### Hidden Complexity
- Before spiking, it looks pretty straight forward to implment, then...
	- 1. The custom_metrics page behaves differently. Somehow it does not get the `activeCompany` passed in. It looks like an Angular page not yet mapped to redux component yet....  It will be too much effort to convert the page to Redux page. => Unpleasant UX, but no risk in ignoring this 
	- 2. Testing the component with 2 levels of ==Routes==. Maybe it is the cause of testing issue??
	- ##### How to uncover hidden complexity sooner?
	- Hmmm you don't know what you don't know. You need to spike first to really experience it
	- Perhaps, ask Jemi's opinions

##### Always clarify assumptions on the doc!
- Some of the scenarios were not explicitly specified in the doc, which I thought about and had a reasonable approach
- But if this is not explicit, people will still ask in the doc
- ##### Next Time
- SO => Tag Pavlo about the assumptions made for the scenarios not explicitly covered!