### Error Handling PR Review
- Promise.all vs Promise.allSettled 
	- Promise.all rejects when 1 promise fails
	- Promise.allSellted reject after all promises complete. We can then get all error messages for each of the failed promises.
#### How do I test Den's PR?
- Tricky part: It is hard to create a new Meta Business account and ad account on the existing Meta User... 
- Ideal Way:
	- I create a new Meta Business Business account and ad account
	- I use Redirect to intercept and mock the request
##### Current Best Way
- Even if I did create a new Meta account to complete the flow, it will most likely succeed anyway. In order to  test the errors, I will still need to mock anyway
- The best way to test for the Errors is probably by mocking in the Jest test.
- According to the [API doc](https://dev.smartly.io/api/#tag/accounts), the error messages are of the shape of {message, data} and mock the errors in this format 
#### Code Smell: Many dependencies to show error/ success states
- In ChannelCard, we want to show the states: all connected, some connected and none connected.
- We use 2 sources of information to determine the states: 
	- no. accounts returned: 0 or more 
	- no. errors: 0 or more
- From these 2 sources of info, they result in 4 combinations of states.
- We should extract these into a hook and use Types to assert these 4 states
##### How to make it flexible to extending to other platforms?
- It is not needed at this state as the account connection errors are shown within the steps in other platforms. 
- It may be needed by other platforms in future. So might as well have the extensibility in mind when we build it first go - esp no refactoring cost and easy to change now 
##### Making invalid states unrepresentable
- Check the relevant talks and books like "Domain Modelling made Functional"
- For Now, using TypeScript defining the Types in literal strings to explicitly set possible states