### Misc
```
const thisRequestIdentity = (requestIdentity.current = {});

// Equals

const thisRequestIdentity = {};
requestIdentity.current = thisRequestIdentity;
```

### Feature Planning
#### Hero Feature Recommender
- A [planning document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nuqtADBoqj6OAmBZZsstzVgIJ_S2_6BsPpkCr0tQc3o/edit) with Motivation, Scope for different stages is shared before the meeting and everyone was able to read and left comment before the meeting
#### Key Take Away
- Devs role is to assess the *effort* required in the scope and discuss the feasibility to achieve the mission
- Essentially, Web Application Development has 2 main area: Create the UI and serve the data from it.
- There are 2 types of state: ==local state ==
- other global state: they are usually saved and fetched from:
	- Backend Service 
	- URL
	- LocalStorage (not recommended, if data model changes, it will only crash on the users side and not reproducible on our end)
#### Hero Feature Recommender Scope 1
- Jemi recognised that the status (try it out / discovered) require more effort to implement
	- Proposed to have a MVP without this first
	- What is required to save and show this state for individual User?
		- We need to save this data somewhere, => create our own service and DB!
		- To explain to product: ==EPIC LEVEL==
		- ^ No nitty gritty implementation details. this gives an idea for effort estimation
- Minna recognised the aggregate values: e.g. ==325 catalogs connected==  - required extra effor
	- ##### Inform Designers of the  outcome
		- May take a throbber loading time to load
		- Do-able, but another layer of complexity
- Pavlo quickly recognised the value of this extra service. Not just for storing the status, but can also fetch and store these other data 
#### Hero Feature Feature Gate
- Permissions and Feature Gate
- Different User roles have different permissions and we need to map the Hero Features with different role.
	- Currently, I would assume these Hero Features have got the permission checks built in (?) 
	- So we just need to add the check in the entry point?
- Feature Gate
	- Platforms are feature gated: What does that mean? Only a particular tiers of clients have access to say Google? (say Tier 1)
	- So we need to 
	- Certain features. e.g. Automated Feeds are only available to some Platforms - Meta. If user only onboards with Pinterest, then we don't show this hero feature
##### UI: Complexity 1
##### Data Fetching + State: Complexity 2

#### Other System Considerations
- Platforms
- User Roles (Permissions)
- Data Service