### This week (completed activities, notable wins, what’s working)
- In order to do PR reviews for Minna's Hero Feature Recommender and Den's Error Handling, I went back and took a deep dive into the Tech planning docs and all the relevent slack conversations and Jira tickets
- Completed a few small improvements to Onboarding Wizards
- Finished reviewing the Error Handling PR - proud of the suggestions to make connection status obvious!
### Next priorities
- Tech Planning for the Company Switcher on the Onboarding Navigationbar
### Challenges/Roadblocks
- I feel it is taking me a long time to read and process the technical docs and ask Qs. It seems Minna and Den can do that pretty fast
- I was rushing in completing the small improvement task and pushed out PR before thinking thoroughly. The Challenge is in keeping calm and focused despite I feel I am taking a long time to learn the domain knowledge and have no visible output.
### Lessons Learned/Opps for improvement
#### Technical
- Error Handling!
	- Making invalid states impossible. Types is a good tool!
- Don't rush in coding. Take the time to self review and ask self whether this makes sense. => else I will need to change again after review anyway
- Make Async Requests:
	- useEffect! clean-up function
	- use loading state to control and trigger the function
- Urgent Response: HFR became visible to CSM before the release
	- Minna did a brilliant quick fix to scope it to a test company -> there are many ways of managing releases other than a feature gate, a simple if/else with User Role, Company etc all work
	- The issue is not a real one to customers but just CSM still sees it in impersonation as CSMs are admin...
#### Non Technical
- Keep calm and focused. When I feel I am not making visible progress on the board, I would feel I am learning / reading too slowly. That stress actually makes it harder for me to have deep focus sometimes
- It was great having a call with Den to sort out the details about the Error Handling Planning. It made me realise that Minna and Den are able to work on it this effectively because they already spent past few months doing the technical research into the domain and having many conversations with different teams. These are the experiences I was lacking so it will definitely take me more time to bridge the gap. 
- Changing work environment also helps me focus better when working on unfamiliar tasks that require more creative thinking - such as tech planning and reviewing PRs I was not that familair with. I can try going to friends place again when working on these tasks again in future and see if I can focus better than at home 
