## Make Drawer appear on Angular pages
### Current Architecture
- The Smartly App is served as an Angular app. Some Angular pages are made via Angular code but many are actually made up by React Components and bridged to Angular.
- The Angular pages and React pages all share the GlobalNavigation bar. The GlobalNavigation is mounted to Angular directly
- In order for the User Journey Drawer to appear on Angular pages, we can leverage the GlobalNavigation, and put the UserJourneyProvider and UserJourneyRenderer in GlobalNavigation, so that Angular pages also have access to Drawer
- An Issue with the Angular page is the State. The Drawer state was saved in the React state and the state will be lost when navigating to the Angular pages
- So there are 2 ways to do it: 1. saved in redux (but redux route is to be deprecated...not sure when) or 2. saved in the sessionStorage
- Minna adopt the route of saving in the sessionStorage.
### 2 Sources of truth?
- Previously we signal the Drawer should happen based on URL. In Angular pages, we don't get the URL update so the information needs to be in session
- So, we sync the session and React state on every render.
- We still dispatch actions to alter the React state 
- and we read the values from the session. Read the userJourneyId from session instead of from the URL param

### How to make it happen in code?
- create a usePersistJourney hook
	- it creates
- In UserJourneyRenderer
	- onUserJourneyOpen
		- `useEffect` hook to check the currentUserJourneyId, prevUserJourneyId
		- and call `callback`
	- onUserJourneyClose
		- `useEffect` hook to check the isDrawerClosed, wasDrawerClosed
		- and call `callback`
	- handleUserJourneyOpen (the callback pas to onUserJourneyOpen hook)
		- segment send open event
		- dispatch open event, load the drawer initialState
		- load userJourney state in session 
	- handleUserJourneyClose (the callback passed to onUserJourneyClose hook)
		- segment send Aborted event (if not completed)
		- clear the userJourney from session (the React state is cleared from clicking Cross on Drawer)
- Create a hook: usePersistJourney
	- on every render, copy from react state to session
	- loadStoredJourney: if there is something in session, always load from session
	- clearStoredJourney: clear session
	- storedJourneyId: indicates whether something is in the session