## Composite Stesp
- In the contextual helper, previously we had 1 contextual helper matching with 1 step
- However, it makes more sense semantically that for each semantic step, there would be multiple clicks (contextual helper) guiding the user through the step => Composite Step
### My Initial Idea
- To implement the composite step, my initial idea was that we could have a `ContextualHelperProvider`, that remembers the `currentContextualHelper`. Basically, for each step, we check if it is a compositeStep or not, if it is a compositeStep, then we check what is the currentContextualHelper.

### Jemi's idea
- To keep track of substeps (currentContextualHelper) insde page, we have `duplicate state`. => yes now we need to keep track of `currentStepId` and `currentContextualHelper`.
- Instead of keeping track of the `currentContextualHelper`, we define `priority` for the contextual helpers inside each compositeStep.
- We make sure inside each compositeStep, only the contextual helper with highest priority is open at any one time. like `z-index`. If the open tooltip with the highest priority changes inside the step, then the open tooltip open is also changed. 
- This way we don't need to keep track of the `currentContextualHelper`, we just need to pass in the `priority` number into the contextual helper in the associated anchor element. The priority context automatically determines which one to open based on the priority
- Jemi's implementation was robost. Apart from the obvious use case:
	- When CH `isOpen` is false, it is not open even with higher priority
	- When multiple CH `isOpen` are true, the one with highest priority is open
- He also handles the case where the priority changes, although I dont see how the priority could possibly change as naturally, the later interaction would have a higher priority.
	- When the priority changes, then the context knows and updates the open CH
	- when there is no priority given, it is shown alongside the the top priority (ie. multiple CH open at one time)
	- when there are CH with same high priority, they are open at the same time
	- Jemi's solution does not distinguish between composite steps or not. His solution does not reset the priority inside each of the compositeStep, instead each userJourney has one set of priority, which also works and make things less complicated.
	
	#### ContextualHelper.tsx
```
const {..., priority} = props 
const hasPriority = usePriority(priority, isOpenProp);
const isOpen = isOpenProp && hasPriority;

// The contextual helper only shows up when it has the highest priority and set open
```


## To learn Jemi's solution
- At first I was thinking of rewriting the Register object, but it felt fake that I was merely copying. Then I asked Jemi about his thought process and the sequence of how he implements the code, he said that he implements the `usePriority` hook first (which makes sense as we could see how this can be used to control the open situation of the Contextual Helper), then the registrar object, then noticed that things are not rerendered inside the object, then he added the rerender method for triggering rerendering.
### The best way to learn:
#### The preparation
- Morning stretch and exercises!!! Super fresh and clear mind! Perfect 
- When I feel I wanna procrastinate or use phone => time for break! water or stretch or walk around!
#### The work
- Destructure his solution bit by bit, understand what each of those are doing
- NExt time: should start with the ==interface== `usePriority` first. Reason about what we want from it and how we can get those information. Make it easier to read the internals of each code methods
#### What I did
- Had a plan of the simplified version that I am going to make on repl.it
- Basically I will have 3 plain components printing the values of the `priority`, `isOpen` etc on screen
- To mimic value update for rerender, I added an input control to trigger the update
- This is the abstract simple way so we don't need to worry about creating the real hard ContextualHelper!

- I enjoyed the process of having jotted down the things I noticed on Jemi's code and the goal, and try to reproduce the working solution myself -> and only peek into Jemi's solution when I am unsure of syntax or a bit stuck
- In the process, I noticed that I stored multiple versions of the same thing into the subscribers[] array. I started console logging and change the data structure to Set, or add the `rerender` identity to the value => but the duplication is still there!
- The duplication is removed after I added the `unregister` method and put `register` inside `useEffect` -> which makes so much sense!!! We only want to register the subscriber once for each render of the ContextualHelper. Everytime it rerenders, we will want to tear it down and add it again. So, for each instance of ContextualHelper, we only have 1 corresponding subscriber in the array!


## Special Things noted:
- this.subscribers.unregister.bind(this, subscriber)
- Assign the same subscriber to  `unregister` and `this.subscribers`
- In the `unregister` method, filter the `this.subscribers` array to the remaining ones. 
- `register` can return `unregister` so they can also share the same item (to be subscribed) =>so we register inside `useEffect`
- using a Set instead of an array will not prevent duplication of item objects. correct `unregister` will.
- We don't need a ContextProvider in this case. Just add the Registrar as the default object into `createContext`
- `dispatch` from `useReducer` is identical throughout renders. We can use it to check for identity and also force its execution to force rerender
- `typeof this.subscribers[number]` gives the type of the item inside subscribers[]
- 