- Yi's PR
	- Minna is awesome! OK, so nested interactive elements are against accessibility standards
	- It is best to add his Select or Input box by radio directly rather than extending
	- I am so glad I had a quick huddle with Minna!! :D altho I did feel I wasted a bit of time detouring. But I also learnt more about the label stuff! :D
	- The reason we extended the ListItemCheckbox with custom children is that we wanted to allow tags as inline icons. We don't have that case at the moment
- => Retro: read and understand the recommended practice for Radio
	- Why did I not do it? I used to read and understand the concept that I didnt understand!
	- => cos I was in a hurry. Thinking I wanted to process it as quickly as possible
	- => but => should always take the time to
### Support Checklist
		- Understand their design and motivation
		- Check the accessibility standard
		- Check the recommended usage of such widget

Then I didn't do anything else...
#### TODO
- Apply Jemi's change to Thu's PR
- Fix the failing build in Thu's PR
- Block - convince Angelos (/)
- Scrolling css and CrossPlatformReport redirection


#### TODO
- Replied Yi's PR
	- Now in a discussion with Minna and Yi. See if we can just get Yi's PR in directly as by complying with the warning. See if we can just go in with Yi's original PR. Else, by restricting the warning. (/)
- Thu's PR
	- Ask for Thu and Minnas review again
- Overflow on the Create New Report Contextual Helper
	- There are currently 2 places where "Create New Report" Contextual Helpers are placed
		- ControlsPlain (Shown when Overflown)
		- ViewsManagementTab (Shown when no Overflown)
		- In ==TabSelector==, when no overflown, ==ViewsManagementTab== is shown
		- The Scrollbar in TabSelector decides whether it is overflowing
		- If overflowing, Scrollbar renders ==ControlsPlain==
	- My investigation:
		- The issue is that, when there is no tab overflow, Scrollbar thinks there is and renders the ControlsPlain instead of ViewsManagementTab
		- OverflowingRight is true so the ">" Button appears
		- overflowingRight is calculated by ==useIsOverflowing==
		- `scrollWidth - roundedScrollLeft > offsetWidth` these 3 values are derived from ==barRef==, which is a ref for ==TabScrollSection==, a Flexbox
	- Why Adding the Contextual Helper may change the offsetWidth?
		- `const { scrollLeft, offsetWidth, scrollWidth } = element.current;`
		- these 3 are properties from DOM elements directly
	- Do an experiment
		- Without Contextual Helper: 
			- Add console logs to these 3 values and overflowRight
			- Drag the dev panel and see if overflows
		- With Contextual Helper
			- Add console logs to these 3 values and overflowRight
			- Drag the dev panel and see if overflows
	- => Still no obvious solution after some spiking and investigation.
	- => Ask team to look at it together
- CrossPlatformReport Navigation
	- => Step 1, redirect to the Home page
		- How was the redirection done for other reports?
		- dispatch action back to the clicked step
	- => Step2, 
- 


#### TODO
- 1. Den's PR (/)
- Continue Overflow investigation from above
	- Actually, try attaching the Contextual Helper one level above on the Tab row
- Cross Platform Report Navigation
- Slack Jenny about Internal Referral <10min>
- Zu Hause booking
- Write Support Checklist (understand Design, check accessibility standard of that component, check with the team about the concerns)

