## Debug Jest Tests
- Writing tests is very important yet not always straight forward
### How to verify existance of the contextual helper?
- I would like to verify the tooltip shows up on user journey initialisation
- So, the issue was that I mistakenly wrapped the regex with quotes... Partial Matching of the text works with just regex! :D

### How to debug faster
- Get a real person as the rubber duck!! They can usually spot your mistake!

### Why not using renderWithUrl?
#### To remove the dependency on other frontend components from the tests
- In writing the tests, I am inclined for the tests to mimic the real world scenarios as much as possible, and hence, using `renderWithUrl` and `UserJourneyProvider` and `UserJourneyRenderer` to render the Drawer as well as the Drawer context which the contextual helper depends on
- However, Jemi draws my attention to the potential issue of double dependency when test is dependent on another frontend component (components/UserJourneys). Should this component (VisualisationToggles) ever be extracted out of frontend, the frontend would import (VisualisationToggles) but VisualisationToggles tests would depend on frontend (components/UserJourneys) and cause double dependencies and would make it fail to compile
#### Create a test Wrapper for testing 2 separate components sharing the same context
- Create a UserJourneyTestWrapper from the `onboarding-toolkit` package providing `UserJourneyProvider` and `UserJourneyDrawerRenderer`  and accepts the `userJourneyId` etc into the state and supply it to the children.
- The cons of this approach is that this is less realistic and provides less confidence. This is the tradeoff we need to make in the unit tests in order to maintain good code boundaries. 
- More realistic tests can be written in e2e tests in future. This can be a good case to explore in future.

### NOTE
#### When creating new packages, also provide useful test utils for users!
