## Spike so far
- I clarified how to initialise the the Drawer. The starting point and integration is the most confusing part. Once I had some experience and I would understand better and able to have more discussion effectively
- 1st step: Enable the URL association and also lay the ground for DrawerProvider and DrawerRenderer
- Then, Minna and I can develop specifics of each of the user journey separately


## What I noticed..
- Debugging and resolving typing issues can take a long time - even after thorough tech planning with spikes done!
	- No need to put `" "` around `SearchParams`!!!
- Nested onClick handler is a bad idea (find Minna's quote "[nested interaction is not semantically valid](https://smartlyio.slack.com/archives/C01V3EBGBFZ/p1675932710021339?thread_ts=1675930708.903469&cid=C01V3EBGBFZ)")
- Map through the DawerStep elements should not be the reason for including Title, description in the State data for looping. i.e. State should just include the essential. It should not be dictated by the Drawer display in [this case](https://smartlyio.slack.com/archives/C01V3EBGBFZ/p1675928235538149?thread_ts=1675919025.000189&cid=C01V3EBGBFZ).
- Associate URL with modal - state does not need to be the only source of truth. Usually it is. In our case, it does not need to be and can just be associated with URL by listening for URL change and create a sideEffect to dispatch an Modal Open Action

## What I found:
- Initially, when unsure whether my idea is good - even with good intention - always ask in slack first before implementing it ( then take a break, planning, writing notes etc while waiting for reply)
- Maybe getting a google hangout open all the time(?!) or pre-book a slack huddle in the afternoon in advance, even a chat and verbal walkthrough of my intention n plan is good! Then I don't need to wait for long to reply - I know I will have access to good answers soon! :D
- Pair coding - debug takes a long time - even for straight forward tasks I can get trapped - then someone else can take over to debug - make it so much more effective! :D