## Redux - Subscriber (Observer) Pattern
- Redux is implemented using the Pub/Sub Pattern (Observer Pattern)
- That pattern is commonly used when we would like to subscribe to some changes. e.g. when the state is changed, we would like the UI to rerender. So we would like the render function to subscribe to the store, listen to the store.
- This pattern is commonly used in frontend as we would like the UI to listen to the state changes and update accordingly
- The mechanism of this pattern is that, there is an internal store of state. There is a publisher (dispatcher) that makes updates to the state. There is a subscribe function that adds other listeners (e.g. render) functions internally and call the listeners when state is changed.
- `state, dispatcher, subscriber` are defined together. Due to closure, the dispatcher and subscriber have access to the state and each other. 
- It enables the decoupled usages in the applications where `dispatcher` and `subscriber` can be called anywhere in the application but still have access to the state and can update accordingly
#### Contextual Helper Priority - Another Sub Pub Pattern 
- This is also implemented in the Contextual Helper with Priority level in Smartly UI. When the UI changes and the Contextual Helpers on the page are updated, we would like to review them one by one to determine which contextual helper should be open now
- The state is a list of the contextual helpers currently on the page
- state: `[subscribers]` 
- method: register function, that register `subscriber = {priority, rerender}`  the rerender function. 
- So basically, when a contextual helper is on the page (UI change), then a `subscribe` of that contextual helper is added to the state. Everytime the list is updated, either from register or unregister, we will update the UI according to the latest priority list to determine which Contextual Helper should be displayed
- ie. When register or unregister is called, that contextual helper needs to be rerendered. 
```
const [,rerender] = useReducer(()=>({}),{})
```


### Redux Thunk Example
- I wrote a [blog](https://sherryhsu.medium.com/making-async-calls-with-redux-thunk-2484b7be0bfa) post years ago about the Thunk...
- A Redux Thunk is a Redux [middleware](https://redux.js.org/api/applymiddleware), it has the signature of `({ getState, dispatch }) => next => action => {}`
- Basically, a thunk receives a `getstate, dispatch` from the applyMiddleware function, and returns another function `next => action => {}`
```
    ({ dispatch, getState }) =>
    next =>
    action => {
      // The thunk middleware looks for any functions that were passed to `store.dispatch`.
      // If this "action" is really a function, call it and return the result.
      if (typeof action === 'function') {
        // Inject the store's `dispatch` and `getState` methods, as well as any "extra arg"
        return action(dispatch, getState)
      }

      // Otherwise, pass the action down the middleware chain as usual
      return next(action)
    }
```

