# Observations
### Meta Onboarding Meeting on n on
- Repeated discussion about the ideal workflow
- Andrey took out a Miro board to put discussion in words and graphs - like whiteboarding - very helpful 
- Jemi: designers need to know about the operations: partial failure? total failure? we need to know the technical constraints first.
- Technical Discovery: understand the limitations 
- Github is faster than slack. Find open API yaml file. Find documents available in the endpoints. 
	- github search through org, see what services are available

### Andrey n Jemi obsevations
- Andrey added a few columns: block, tech planning, read for dev - make things visible on board in terms of the status of the tickets 
- Also make things more explicit about the priority of each feature
- Jemi is more concerned about the tickets that are currently in progress at once
#### What I thought
- The team has a unspoken, agreed way of working
- We never set an explicity WIP limit for the tickets. I feel it might be a bit tricky to limit when some tickets are in review - sometimes just waiting on reviewer but sometimes there are more to change


# Reflections
### Casual chat time for continual discussion
- Sometimes after the formal meeting time, I would ponder a bit and more Qs may come up - if in office, we can easily tap on each other's shoulders, turn the chair around and continue discussing in an informal manner. I feel it will be helpful. 
- How can we replicate this experience in the remote setting?
### Learning too slow
- I feel I learn too slow, always take me longer to finish off tickets... I am usually hopeful after each round of review, but feeling a bit stupid that there are more things to change and update.. :(
- I wish I can learn and work faster and write better code effectively